hey guys i got a battle against mr.
relevant from the game facts and like my
first time playing on gamefaqs i used to
look up them because I kicked my ass but
this one's really epic i leaked my
sketches and i swore his and is it to go
sleeping like yeah go to sleep it and
she searches out it goes to bat i sent
my spikes because um this little isn't
the trick one but Squidward is weird
like some water so surf with him watch
soon and by the way guys this battle
isn't really epic he said his out
acceptance and this I knocked off and
this not played a really really big part
in Mac if he had that life form or if I
didn't knock off I would have lost fast
I send in don't like me because no one
likes lumpers people i liek mudkipz so
he waves I've 261 I like trying to see
if he had HP grass or if the ice that's
why Brown is invert so it was either
give up flag on or give up Swampert and
guess what my son Burt lives five HP
with this epic this happens a lot in the
match because because this out this does
not have life orb like I lived with just
a little bit HP and I sent my rocks and
I just died I can't even do better sure
you can just say to be Isis opt-ins but
sentences aren't picking like overheat
flames or whatever XP is like nothing
I'm by the way I most of like everything
on my team did a really good job but um
place I can stand it out a lot I didn't
know it was a sub trying I was like oh
fuck it's a sub tram I can't you turn
away cuz I don't want to get like et I
store anything so I you turn away to my
tentacle predicting like I don't know Oh
toxic you missed
he's powering its yeah and it does half
and he gets my defense cops I'm like
damn this is gay so this is where I have
to play like smart here and use some
surf so right now I'm predicting that
help i don't think that i will switch
cuz since i got that special defense
lord then i might get a hit code so he
sets up a sub and I stay in to take out
the sub cuz i don't want him get a free
sub up on me so i just take him out with
the server tickets about alright so I'm
his he trends like getting lefties ass
off all I got my new is he crying was
like a sub turn it would have been a
pixel x good work he's like good word
doesn't like land sound like third power
does a lot but it doesn't care which is
really epic I thought it woulda killed
but nice job Squidward Squidward takes
out his he turn which it was really good
actually and this is gaining HP back and
his up this comes out and his up this is
just here to revenge chills I'm like
Aria I'm fine with that and he just HP
ice I mean grass alright that's oh I
sendin in the same because yeah I night
hphp ice and handmade this magazine
freakin modest cuz that HP ice did not
kill but look right here here's another
thing he didn't have life form so I
survived the heat wave 4 3 HP which is
epic seriously that's not like life form
this plays a big role in this game like
that knock off just just one for me or I
didn't win alright whatever sending
goggles please a particular earthquake
and you turns and he gets a free concret
but that could didn't matter in this
game I was okay with that like after
seeing the end result he sends an assist
or it takes a lot of them from spikes
and stomp rocks I said in sukin and he
be peace and I live does 130 he searches
out I use overheat right here i really
like Oscar depressed super power like
dude I know he's gonna switch
depressed super power but I guess
overheated just to be safe and I get the
special attack drop and he gains left
over from his first rap and I send the
sketches because sketches can sketch and
stuff and he's a surf and it doesn't
even bring me down my sack I live with
ATP which is nice so right here I know
faster function over cuz um our end ever
whatever because i have 8 HP also but he
was like with her some things i can
excuse to be the next turn but whatever
some kid sent in my Magnezone I know he
has flygon this is or and gucci and this
exclusive sleep right now I t-bolt his
vApp I don't really care like mine comes
out and I thought he was gonna like
eating something so just outrageous me
and this is the part where I get lucky
that fifty percent speed tie I sending
all those please and I just outraged and
I win that's beat I unless he was banded
and yeah he's a really epic part he said
Lucy and mrs. still asleep so I outraged
because I can because I don't want to
switch out just in case I might have
woken up or you turned my predicted to
you turned but I was going to switch out
to Blaziken bound like no I need more
than 130 HP to survive another bullet
punch cisco whole place is confused I
could hit he says pistol cocks this
might have played a big role but I think
he thought that if he set up that
stealth rocks then um my blade skin
would be like it would get hurt enough
from the self rocks to get one hit KO di
that bullet punch
so you turned out to his um sasur and I
get bullet punch and a que los campos
pls and game comes out and it lives 134
from that snow Clark damage a little bit
8 HP and I overheat so dominant blaze
and overheat and I get a correct but
whatever it's basically overkill I
killer forces or stuck doesn't exceed
this is a big part i overheat and mrs.
which was gay people kills me and her
you can just dies so good game mr. you
wrote mr. irrelevant um it was really
epic and yeah this is I was like no one
else it's my topic and he's like hot no
one's willing the value and he goes so
basically mr. Govan and loving life one
something numbers there really are
popular on the forms and they they're
like they're since I co7 I think and um
yeah they just really famous and they're
like veterans